okay i'm here with frank games Barry for
Thunder TV Frank first of all thank you
very much for taking the time to talk to
us firstly congratulations on the BB
elder franchise offering acceptance
obviously and it's been long coming from
where thing how where did you think
Thunder are financially though and the
BBL has been known in years gone by to
have clubs go because of money troubles
obviously bright and bears Manchester
Giants for example run how do you
respond to it or I think the whole issue
of this really is that we looked at this
as a business as much as a basketball
club there's no point running a
successful team on course to business
isn't successful off-court the sort of
issue really is that we've got a sensing
up on sound financial basis we know want
to be a one-year wonder and we have to
make sure that we build gradually that
we built from a solid forcing I'm
confident that we've got a good enough
business plan to make sure that happens
we're still around for a few years
gradually working away lovely servery
personally how ready you to take up a
BBL franchising yourself clear tell the
fans of the BBL general british
basketball fans about yourself well I
mean it's not such a personal thing with
bless here with having such a tremendous
support not only from the fans but a
tremendous group of colleagues are on
the board directors with us and without
them we couldn't possibly have ever
achieved anything really and it seems to
me that whenever something needs to be
done something they're happy to do it so
here I think we're more than ready it's
going to be hard work and I think we
gotta step our game up on court and of
course but he really oxo that's good
we're to seethe worthing thundering so
five years time five years time I like
to see I like to see us modern out
progress on somebody like Leslie came
into the video three or four years ago
maybe a little longer we're may they
would formerly be able top and it's good
see the progress at night it's been
absolutely fantastic that or we could do
the same i think these guys were off of
the video finals this year and did
really well so that's a really sound
malt of it and to follow if we can do
that I've been well pleased yeah and
foyer a little bit posit milk positive
now you're some young Worthing
thundering roar a personal vision my
personal vision I will it be great to
see welding Thunder in a position that
may be boiling bears were before they
left town here you know their follow
houses that are playing to packed
audiences people kion to get in there
are playing great basketball they had a
good solid team I think here you know
that's really their dying part the clock
but also more importantly we we need to
make sure that this is a community-based
club and we've all worked really hard on
helping our youngsters to develop we've
got six teams playing National League's
all that excellent standards and I think
we'd like to encourage them as much as
we can by getting some sponsorship into
the junior in da club they want these
people to propel powerful part not just
junior team or maybe not like season but
the season after the greater than we'd
be able to burning on board so that the
genius got somewhere to run off into the
men's game and eventually as of being
able to take is enough exactly times
Frank very much for Thomas also the TV
and thanks for taking the time